Linux caveat to setup (#111)
carpentries-incubator/high-dimensional-stats-r: setup.md

}
```

> On Linux systems, part of the above may fail due to the **`bluster`** package. If you received error messages after running `BiocManager::install(table[[1]])` indicating that this package was not installed successfully, you may need to run the following workaround code after the code above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Linux systems, part of the above may fail due to the **`bluster`** package. If you received error messages after running `BiocManager::install(table[[1]])` indicating that the package `igraph` was not installed successfully. 
Detailed installation instructions for `igraph` can be found at [https://r.igraph.org/](https://r.igraph.org/), but the following workaround code may resolve the issue:
```

Author: ```suggestion
On Linux systems, part of the above may fail due to the **`bluster`** package and you may receive error messages after running `BiocManager::install(table[[1]])`, indicating that the package `igraph` was not installed successfully. 

Detailed installation instructions for `igraph` can be found at [https://r.igraph.org/](https://r.igraph.org/), but the following workaround code may resolve the issue:
```
